spicy Otto joins them in their floating
nursery she's immediately accepted by
these notoriously shy creatures it's a
privileged insider's view of the most
sociable otter of all here they not only
have company there are more eyes to
sport danger the spring melt makes the
glaciers unstable
[Music]
the Icefall creates a ruling wave up to
10 meters high it may still be a danger
over a kilometer away
in the turmoil mothers and pups are
easily separated
they must find refuge away from the
glass here
[Music]
in a Cove they find a solution to the
turbulent waters
kelp offers the moorings they need it's
just a matter of how best to attach
themselves
[Music]
but even this beginner is having success
as the ice vanishes more kelp beds will
soon appear the Otters can enjoy the
upcoming summer in peace
[Music]
you